[PTFE] Introduce custom worker init script (#786)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/enterprise/private/install-installer.html.md

    sudo unzip daemontools git-core ssh wget curl psmisc iproute2 openssh-client redis-tools netcat-openbsd
```

> ### Image initialisation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Image initialization
```

    sudo unzip daemontools git-core ssh wget curl psmisc iproute2 openssh-client redis-tools netcat-openbsd
```

### Image initialisation

> If you wish to run certain initialisation commands, during runtime, in your image before it gets used by TFE then you can create a script in `/usr/local/bin/init_custom_worker.sh`. The only requirement is for the script to be executable. This script, and all commands invoked by it, will be executed right before TFE runs `terraform init`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ro run initialization commands in your image during runtime, create a script at `/usr/local/bin/init_custom_worker.sh` and make it executable. This script, and all commands it invokes, will be executed before TFE runs `terraform init`. 

The name, location, and permissions of the script are not customizable.
```
